ICAA rating   rating in the Spanish motion picture content rating system
influenced by   this person, idea, etc. is informed by that other person, idea, etc., e.g. “Heidegger was influenced by Aristotle”
writing language   language in which the writer has written their work
website account on   website that the person or organization has an account on (use with P554) Note: only used with reliable source or if the person or organization disclosed it.
genetic association   general link between a disease and the causal genetic entity, if the detailed mechanism is unknown/unavailable
occupation   occupation of a person; see also "field of work" (Property:P101), "position held" (Property:P39)
different from   item that is different from another item, with which it may be confused
gens   a clan or group of families from Ancient Rome who shared the same nomen
takes place in fictional universe   the subject is a work describing a fictional universe, i.e. whose plot occurs in this universe.
occupant   person or organization occupying property
family name   part of full name of person
used by   item or concept that makes use of the subject (use sub-properties when appropriate)
sport   sport that the subject participates or participated in or is associated with
MPA film rating   US film classification administered by the Motion Picture Association of America
Filmiroda rating   rating of a film in the former (2004–2011) Hungarian film rating system
head coach   on-field manager or head coach of a sports club (not to be confused with a general manager P505, which is not a coaching position) or person
significant event   significant or notable events associated with the subject
voice actor   performer of a spoken role in a creative work such as animation, video game, radio drama, or dubbing over [use "character role" (P453) as qualifier] [use "cast member" (P161) for live acting]
place of burial   location of grave, resting place, place of ash-scattering, etc. (e.g., town/city or cemetery) for a person or animal. There may be several places: e.g., re-burials, parts of body buried separately.
partially coincident with   object that partially overlaps with the subject in its instances, parts, or members
field of work   specialization of a person or organization; see P106 for the occupation
official color   official colors chosen to represent or identify an item
producer   person(s) who produced the film, musical work, theatrical production, etc. (for film, this does not include executive producers, associate producers, etc.) [for production company, use P272, video games - use P178]
military rank   military rank achieved by a person (should usually have a "start time" qualifier), or military rank associated with a position
narrative location   the narrative of the work is set in this location
spouse   the subject has the object as their spouse (husband, wife, partner, etc.). Use "unmarried partner" (P451) for non-married companions
cause of death   underlying or immediate cause of death.  Underlying cause (e.g. car accident, stomach cancer) preferred.  Use 'manner of death' (P1196) for broadest category, e.g. natural causes, accident, homicide, suicide
diplomatic relation   diplomatic relations of the country
topic's main category   main Wikimedia category
set in period   historical, contemporary, or future period, year, century or day the work or genre is set in or event featured in the story of the work
league   league in which team or player plays or has played in
head of state   official with the highest formal authority in a country/state
Roman nomen gentilicium   standard part of the name of a Roman, link to items about the Roman gens only
NATO code for grade   NATO Code for Grades of Military Personnel
platform   platform for which a work was developed or released, or the specific platform version of a software product
residence   the place where the person is or has been, resident
edition or translation of   is an edition or translation of this entity
executive body   branch of government for the daily administration of the territorial entity
CNC film rating (Romania)   rating of a movie in the Romanian content rating system
opposite of   item that is the opposite of this item
political ideology   political ideology of an organization or person or of a work (such as a newspaper)
has subsidiary   subsidiary of a company or organization; generally a fully owned separate corporation. Compare with "business division" (P199). Opposite of parent organization (P749).
narrator   narrator, character or person that tells the story
aspect ratio (W:H)   image width to height ratio of films, photographs, and other images
followed by   immediately following item in a series of which the subject is a part, preferably use as qualifier of P179 [if the subject has been replaced, e.g. political offices, use "replaced by" (P1366)]
presenter   main role in presenting a radio or television program or a performing arts show
basic form of government   subject's government
production company   company that produced this film, audio or performing arts work
educated at   educational institution attended by subject
soundtrack release   music release that incorporates music directly recorded from the soundtrack of an audiovisual work
patron saint   patron saint adopted by the subject
appointed by   who appointed the person to the office, can be used as a qualifier
lowest point   point with lowest elevation in the country, region, city or area
child   subject has object as child. Do not use for stepchildren
convicted of   crime a person was convicted of
model item   defines which item is a best practice example of modelling a subject, which is described by the value of this property, usage instructions at Wikidata:Model items
public holiday   official public holiday that occurs in this place in its honor, usually a non-working day
author   main creator(s) of a written work (use on works, not humans); use P2093 when Wikidata item is unknown or does not exist
conflict   battles, wars or other military engagements in which the person or item participated
location of formation   location where a group or organization was formed
founded by   founder or co-founder of this organization, religion or place
participant in   event in which a person or organization was/is a participant; inverse of P710 or P1923
developer   organization or person that developed the item
chairperson   presiding member of an organization, group or body
fabrication method   method, process or technique used to grow, cook, weave, build, assemble, manufacture the item
contains the administrative territorial entity   (list of) direct subdivisions of an administrative territorial entity
series spin-off   series' spin-offs
part of   object of which the subject is a part (if this subject is already part of object A which is a part of object B, then please only make the subject part of object A). Inverse property of "has part" (P527, see also "has parts of the class" (P2670)).
nominated for   award nomination received by a person, organisation or creative work (inspired from "award received" (Property:P166))
filming location   actual place where this scene/film was shot. For the setting, use "narrative location" (P840)
office held by head of the organization   position of the head of this item
relative   family member (qualify with "type of kinship", P1039; for direct family member please use specific property)
substitute/deputy/replacement of office/officeholder   function that serves as deputy/replacement of this function/office (scope/conditions vary depending on office)
said to be the same as   this item is said to be the same as that item, but it's uncertain or disputed
industry   specific industry of company or organization
affiliation   organization that a person or organization is affiliated with (not necessarily member of or employed by)
mother   female parent of the subject. For stepmother, use "stepparent" (P3448)
JMK film rating   rating of a film in the Austrian film rating system
languages spoken, written or signed   language(s) that a person or a people speaks, writes or signs, including the native language(s)
licensed to broadcast to   place that a radio/TV station is licensed/required to broadcast to
dissertation submitted to   institution to whom a thesis or dissertation is submitted
shares border with   countries or administrative subdivisions, of equal level, that this item borders, either by land or water. A single common point is enough.
home venue   home stadium or venue of a sports team or applicable performing arts organization
medical condition   any state relevant to the health of an organism, including diseases and positive conditions
practiced by   type of agents that study this subject or work in this profession
award received   award or recognition received by a person, organization or creative work
work location   location where persons or organisations were actively participating in employment, business or other work
position held   subject currently or formerly holds the object position or public office
candidacy in election   election where the subject is a candidate
participant   person, group of people or organization (object) that actively takes/took part in an event or process (subject).  Preferably qualify with "object has role" (P3831). Use P1923 for participants that are teams.
named after   entity or event that inspired the subject's name, or namesake (in at least one language). Qualifier "applies to name" (P5168) can be used to indicate which one
Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education   classification of colleges and universities in the United States
instance of   that class of which this subject is a particular example and member; different from P279 (subclass of); for example: K2 is an instance of mountain; volcano is a subclass of mountain (and an instance of volcanic landform)
member of sports team   sports teams or clubs that the subject represents or represented
honorific prefix   word or expression used before a name, in addressing or referring to a person
railway traffic side   indicates for a country or a railway line whether rail traffic usually runs on the left or right hand side
blood type   blood type of the human or animal
readable file format   file format a program can open and read
designed by   person(s) or organization which designed the object
native language   language or languages a person has learned from early childhood
director / manager   person who manages any kind of group
headquarters location   city, where an organization's headquarters is or has been situated. Use P276 qualifier for specific building
country for sport   country a person or a team represents when playing a sport
composer   person(s) who wrote the music [for lyricist, use "lyrics by" (P676)]
record label   brand and trademark associated with the marketing of subject music recordings and music videos
noble title   titles held by the person
father   male parent of the subject. For stepfather, use "stepparent" (P3448)
located in the administrative territorial entity   the item is located on the territory of the following administrative entity. Use P276 for specifying locations that are non-administrative places and for items about events. Use P1382 if the item falls only partially into the administrative entity.
genre   creative work's genre or an artist's field of work (P101). Use main subject (P921) to relate creative works to their topic
programmed in   the programming language(s) in which the software is developed
has works in the collection   collection that has works of this person or organisation (use archive location P485 for the archives)
main subject   primary topic of a work (see also P180: depicts)
EIRIN film rating   category in the Japanese film rating system (add EIRIN number with qualifier P2676)
official residence   the residence at which heads of government and other senior figures officially reside
diaspora   diaspora that a cultural group belongs to
subject has role   role/generic identity of the item ("subject"), also in the context of a statement. For the role of the value of the statement ("object"), use P3831 ("object has role"). For acting roles, use P453 ("character role"). For persons, use P39.
manner of death   general circumstances of a person's death; e.g. natural causes, accident, suicide, homicide, etc.  Use 'cause of death' (P509) for the specific physiological mechanism, e.g. heart attack, trauma, pneumonia...
twinned administrative body   twin towns, sister cities, twinned municipalities and other localities that have a partnership or cooperative agreement, either legally or informally acknowledged by their governments
legal form   legal form of an entity
student of   person who has taught this person
theme music   the theme music/song used by the item
position played on team / speciality   position or specialism of a player on a team
color   color of subject
sex or gender   sex or gender identity of human or animal. For human: male, female, non-binary, intersex, transgender female, transgender male, agender. For animal: male organism, female organism. Groups of same gender use subclass of (P279)
basin country   country that have drainage to/from or border the body of water
employer   person or organization for which the subject works or worked
place of death   most specific known (e.g. city instead of country, or hospital instead of city) death location of a person, animal or fictional character
replaced by   other person or item which continues the item by replacing it in its role. Use P156 ("followed by") if the item is not replaced nor identical, but adds to the series (e.g. books in a series).
mascot   mascot of an organization, e.g. a sports team or university
film editor   person who works with the raw footage, selecting shots and combining them into sequences to create a finished motion picture
production designer   person(s) responsible for overall aesthetic of the story of this motion picture, play, video game or similar; responsible for visual concept, producing interior, exterior, location, graphics, etc; deals with many and varied logistic related to this
lifestyle   typical way of life of an individual, group, or culture
distribution format   method (or type) of distribution for the subject
unmarried partner   someone with whom the person is in a relationship without being married. Use "spouse" (P26) for married couples
killed by   person who killed the subject
highest point   point with highest elevation in a region, or on the path of a race or route
driving side   side of the road that vehicles drive on in a given jurisdiction
after a work by   artist whose work strongly inspired/ was copied in this item
original film format   film format used to create a work (aliases: film gauge, film size)
operator   person, profession, or organization that operates the equipment, facility, or service
has effect   effect of this item
parliamentary term   term of a parliament or any deliberative assembly
heritage designation   heritage designation of a cultural or natural site
screenwriter   person(s) who wrote the script for subject item
language used   language widely used (spoken or written) in this place or at this event
place of birth   most specific known (e.g. city instead of country, or hospital instead of city) birth location of a person, animal or fictional character
director   director(s) of film, TV-series, stageplay, video game or similar
winner   winner of a competition or similar event, not to be used for awards (instead use "award received" (P166) on awardee's item, possibly qualified with "for work" (P1686)) or for wars or battles
inflows   major inflow sources — rivers, aquifers, glacial runoff, etc. Some terms may not be place names, e.g. none
location   location of the object, structure or event. In the case of an administrative entity as containing item use P131. For statistical entities use P8138. In the case of a geographic entity use P706. Use P7153 for locations associated with the object.
on focus list of Wikimedia project   property to indicate that an item is of particular interest for a Wikimedia project. This property does not add notability. Items should not be created with this property if they are not notable for Wikidata. See also P6104, P972, P2354.
product or material produced   material or product produced by a government agency, business, industry, facility, or process
represented by   person or agency that represents or manages the subject
has use   main use of the subject (includes current and former usage)
performer   actor, musician, band or other performer associated with this role or musical work
movement   literary, artistic, scientific or philosophical movement or scene associated with this person or work. For political ideologies use P1142.
country of citizenship   the object is a country that recognizes the subject as its citizen
archives at   the institution holding the subject's archives
item operated   equipment, installation or service operated by the subject
member of   organization, club or musical group to which the subject belongs. Do not use for membership in ethnic or social groups, nor for holding a political position, such as a member of parliament (use P39 for that)
field of this occupation   field corresponding to this occupation or profession (use only for occupations/professions - for people use Property:P101, for companies use P452)
parent organization   parent organization of an organization, opposite of subsidiaries (P355)
Kijkwijzer rating   Dutch media content rating system
KMRB film rating   rating of a film in the South Korean film/video rating system
sponsor   organization or individual that sponsors this item
applies to jurisdiction   the item (institution, law, public office, public register...) or statement belongs to or has power over or applies to the value (a territorial jurisdiction: a country, state, municipality, ...)
voice type   person's voice type. expected values: soprano, mezzo-soprano, contralto, countertenor, tenor, baritone, bass (and derivatives)
historical region   geographic area which at some point in time had a cultural, ethnic, linguistic or political basis, regardless of present-day borders
instrument   musical instrument that a person plays or teaches or used in a music occupation
notable work   notable scientific, artistic or literary work, or other work of significance among subject's works
characters   characters which appear in this item (like plays, operas, operettas, books, comics, films, TV series, video games)
academic degree   academic degree that the person holds
military branch   branch to which this military unit, award, office, or person belongs, e.g. Royal Navy
is the study of   the object that an academic field studies; distinct from field of work (P101), which is used for human, organization, etc.
country of origin   country of origin of this item (creative work, food, phrase, product, legislation, etc.)
parent club   parent club of this team
allegiance   country (or other power) that the person or group serves
has part(s) of the class   the subject instance (the subject is not a class) has one or more parts of the object class
based on   the work(s) used as the basis for subject item
eye color   color of the irises of a person's eyes
CNC film rating (France)   category assigned to a film by the Board of Film Classification (CNC) which what audiences may view it in France
studied by   subject is studied by this science or domain
time period   time period (historic period or era, sports season, theatre season, legislative period etc.) in which the subject occurred
part of the series   series which contains the subject
next higher rank   higher rank or level in a ranked hierarchy like sport league, military ranks. If there are several possible, list each one and qualify with "criterion used" (P1013), avoid using ranks and date qualifiers. For sports leagues/taxa, use specific properties instead.
complies with   the product or work complies with a certain norm or passes a test
country   sovereign state that this item is in (not to be used for human beings)
electrical plug type   standard plug type for mains electricity in a country
follows   immediately prior item in a series of which the subject is a part, preferably use as qualifier of P179 [if the subject has replaced the preceding item, e.g. political offices, use "replaces" (P1365)]
choreographer   person(s) who did the choreography
capital of   country, state, department, canton or other administrative division of which the municipality is the governmental seat
located in time zone   time zone for this item
FSK film rating   permitted audience of a film, according to the German film-rating system (add Prüfnummer with qualifier "P2676")
cast member   actor in the subject production [use "character role" (P453) and/or "name of the character role" (P4633) as qualifiers] [use "voice actor" (P725) for voice-only role]
capital   seat of government of a country, province, state or other type of administrative territorial entity
costume designer   person who designed the costumes for a film, television programme, etc
owner of   entities owned by the subject
contains settlement   settlement which an administrative division contains
has part(s)   part of this subject; inverse property of "part of" (P361). See also "has parts of the class" (P2670).
health specialty   main specialty that diagnoses, prevent human illness, injury and other physical and mental impairments
head of government   head of the executive power of this town, city, municipality, state, country, or other governmental body
replaces   person, state or item replaced. Use "structure replaces" (P1398) for structures. Use "follows" (P155) if the previous item was not replaced or predecessor and successor are identical
topic's main Wikimedia portal   Wikimedia portal associated with this topic
executive producer   executive producer of a movie or TV show
published in   larger work that a given work was published in, like a book, journal or music album
member of political party   the political party of which a person is or has been a member or otherwise affiliated
tributary   watercourse that flows into an other one (for lake inflows use P200)
located in or next to body of water   body of water on or next to which a place is located
playing hand   hand used to play a racket sport
organizer   person or institution organizing an event
located in/on physical feature   located on the specified (geo)physical feature. Should not be used when the value is only political/administrative (P131) or a mountain range (P4552).
original language of film or TV show   language in which a film or a performance work was originally created. Deprecated for written works and songs; use P407 ("language of work or name") instead.
NMHH film rating   rating of a film in the Hungarian film rating system
has immediate cause   nearest, proximate thing that directly resulted in the subject as outcome or effect. Used in conjunction with 'has cause' (i.e. underlying cause) and 'has contributing factor'. See 'Help:Modeling causes'.
sibling   the subject and the object have at least one common parent (brother, sister, etc. including half-siblings); use "relative" (P1038) for siblings-in-law (brother-in-law, sister-in-law, etc.) and step-siblings (step-brothers, step-sisters, etc.)
official language   language designated as official by this item
handedness   handedness of the person
uses   item or concept used by the subject or in the operation (see also instrument [P1303] and armament [P520])
camera setup   filmmaking method that the cameras were placed by. Use single-camera (Q2918907) or multiple-camera (Q738160)
language of work or name   language associated with this creative work (such as books, shows, songs, broadcasts or websites) or a name (for persons use "native language" (P103) and "languages spoken, written or signed" (P1412))
given name   first name or another given name of this person; values used with the property should not link disambiguations nor family names
sexual orientation   the sexual orientation of the person relative to their declared gender — use ONLY IF they have stated it themselves, unambiguously, or it has been widely agreed upon by historians after their death
derivative work   new work of art (film, book, software, etc.) derived from major part of this work
IMDA rating   rating in the Singaporean film and video game rating system
drug or therapy used for treatment   drug, procedure, or therapy that can be used to treat a medical condition
emergency phone number   telephone number to contact emergency services
original broadcaster   network(s) or service(s) that originally broadcast a radio or television program
sports discipline competed in   discipline an athlete competed in within a sport
hair color   person's hair color. Use P585 as qualifier if there's more than one value
category for recipients of this award   link to Wikimedia category for recipients of this award
owned by   owner of the subject
director of photography   person responsible for the framing, lighting, and filtration of the subject work
subclass of   this item is a subclass (subset) of that item; all instances of these items are instances of those items; different from P31 (instance of), e.g.: K2 is an instance of mountain; volcano is a subclass of mountain (and an instance of volcanic landform).
depicts   entity visually depicted in an image, literarily described in a work, or otherwise incorporated into an audiovisual or other medium; see also P921,  'main subject'
legislative body   legislative body governing this entity; political institution with elected representatives, such as a parliament/legislature or council
conferred by   person or organization who grants an award, certification, grant, or role
creator   maker of this creative work or other object (where no more specific property exists)
described by source   work where this item is described
facet of   topic of which this item is an aspect, item that offers a broader perspective on the same topic
ethnic group   subject's ethnicity (consensus is that a VERY high standard of proof is needed for this field to be used. In general this means 1) the subject claims it themselves, or 2) it is widely agreed on by scholars, or 3) is fictional and portrayed as such)
collection   art, museum, archival, or bibliographic collection the subject is part of
coextensive with   this item has the same boundary as the target item; area associated with (this) entity is identical with the area associated with that entity
has quality   the entity has an inherent or distinguishing non-material characteristic. use a more-specific property when possible
continent   continent of which the subject is a part
office held by head of government   political office that is fulfilled by the head of the government of this item
office held by head of state   political office that is fulfilled by the head of state of this item
distributed by   distributor of a creative work; distributor for a record label; news agency; film distributor
religion or worldview   religion of a person, organization or religious building, or associated with this subject
stock exchange   exchange on which this company is traded
